Docs: Update JavaScript build and setup with wp-scripts updates (#14440)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/designers-developers/developers/tutorials/javascript/js-build-setup.md

There are a few reasons to use ESNext and the extra step. First, it makes for simpler code that is easier to read and write. Using a transformation step allows for tools to optimize the code to work on the widest variety of browsers. Also, by using a build step you can organize your code into smaller modules and files that can be bundled together into a single download.

There are different tools that can perform this transformation or build step, but WordPress uses Webpack and Babel.

[Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) is a pluggable tool that processes JavaScript creating a compiled bundle that runs in a browser. [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) transforms JavaScript from one format to another. You use Babel as a plugin to Webpack to transform both ESNext and JSX to JavaScript.

> The @wordpress/scripts package abstracts these libraries away to standardize and simplify development, so you won't need to handle the details for configuring those libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@wordpress/scripts` package abstracts these libraries away to standardize and simplify development, so you won't need to handle the details for configuring those libraries.
```

> The `@wordpress/scripts` package abstracts these libraries away to standardize and simplify development, so you won't need to handle the details for configuring those libraries.

Reviewer 2: Should we also link npm package?
```suggestion
The [@wordpress/scripts](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@wordpress/scripts) package abstracts these libraries away to standardize and simplify development, so you won't need to handle the details for configuring those libraries.
```

The next step is to install the packages required. You can install packages using the npm command `npm install`. If you pass the `--save-dev` parameter, npm will write the package as a dev dependency in the package.json file. The `--save-exact` parameter instructs npm to save an exact version of a dependency, not a range of valid versions. See [npm install documentation](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/install) for more details.

Run `npm install --save-dev --save-exact @wordpress/scripts`

> After installing, a `node_modules` directory is created with the modules and its dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing, a `node_modules` directory is created with the modules and their dependencies.
```

Also, if you look at package.json file it will include a new section:

```json
"dependencies": {
	"@wordpress/scripts": "3.1.0"
}
```

## Webpack & Babel

> The @wordpress/scripts package handles the default configuration for Webpack and Babel. You need to add the following packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@wordpress/scripts` package handles the default configuration for Webpack and Babel. You need to add the following packages:
```

```
npm install --save-dev webpack webpack-cli @wordpress/babel-preset-default babel-plugin-transform-react-jsx
```

> The scripts package expects the source file to compile to be found at `src/index.js` and will output to `build/index.js`. So create a basic block to build. Create a file at `src/index.js` with the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scripts package expects the source file to compile to be found at `src/index.js`, and will save the compiled output to `build/index.js`.

With that in mind, let's set up a basic block. Create a file at `src/index.js` with the following content:
```

	title: 'Basic Example',
	icon: 'smiley',
	category: 'layout',
	edit: () => <div>Hola, mundo!</div>,
	save: () => <div>Hola, mundo!</div>,
} );
```

To configure npm to run a script, you use the scripts section in `package.json` webpack:

```json
  "scripts": {
    "build": "wp-scripts build"
  },
```

You can then run the build using: `npm run build`.

After the build finishes, you will see the built file created at `build/index.js`.

## Finishing Touches

### Development Mode

The **build** command in `@wordpress/scripts` runs in a "production" mode. This shrinks the code down so it downloads faster, but makes it difficult to read in the process. You can use the **start** command which runs a development mode that does not shrink the code, and additionally continues a running process to watch the source file for more changes and rebuild as you develop.

The start command can be added to the same scripts section of `package.json`:

```json
  "scripts": {
    "start": "wp-scripts start",
    "build": "wp-scripts build"
  },
```

> Now, when you run `npm run start` a watcher will run in the terminal. You can then edit away in your text editor; after each save, it will automatically build. You can then use the familiar edit/save/reload development process.

Reviewer 2: Next step, hot module reloading support? :)

```json
  "scripts": {
    "build": "wp-scripts build"
  },
```

You can then run the build using: `npm run build`.

After the build finishes, you will see the built file created at `build/index.js`.

## Finishing Touches

### Development Mode

> The **build** command in @wordpress/scripts runs in a production mode which shrinks the code down so it downloads faster, but makes it difficult to read. You can use the **start** command which runs a development mode that does not shrink the code, and additionally continues a running process to watch the source file for more changes and rebuilt as you develop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **build** command in `@wordpress/scripts` runs in a "production" mode. This shrinks the code down so it downloads faster, but makes it difficult to read in the process. You can use the **start** command which runs a development mode that does not shrink the code, and additionally continues a running process to watch the source file for more changes and rebuild as you develop.
```

> The start command can be added to the same scripts section of `package.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The start command can be added to the same scripts section of `package.json`:
```

```json
  "scripts": {
    "start": "wp-scripts start",
    "build": "wp-scripts build"
  },
```

Now, when you run `npm run start` a watcher will run in the terminal. You can then edit away in your text editor; after each save, it will automatically build. You can then use the familiar edit/save/reload development process.

**Note:** keep an eye on your terminal for any errors. If you make a typo or syntax error, the build will fail and the error will be in the terminal.

### Source Control

Because a typical `node_modules` folder will contain thousands of files that change with every software update, you should exclude `node_modules/` from your source control. If you ever start from a fresh clone, simply run `npm install` in the same folder your `package.json` is located to pull your required packages.

Likewise, you do not need to include `node_modules` or any of the above configuration files in your plugin because they will be bundled inside the file that webpack builds. **Be sure to enqueue the `build/index.js` file** in your plugin PHP. This is the only JavaScript file needed for your block to run.

## Summary

> Yes, the initial setup is a bit more involved, but once in place adds additional features which are usually worth the trade off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, the initial setup is a bit more involved, but the additional features and benefits are usually worth the trade off in setup time.
```
